Summary of Low-Speed Airfoil Data - Volume 2

The second installment of the wind tunnel work that Michael Selig and
his graduate students have been conducting at the University of
Illinois, may now be ordered. This work is titled "Summary of
Low-Speed Airfoil Data - Volume 2". Twenty five airfoils were tested,
many with a variety of flap and turbulator configurations. Continuous
improvement of the wind tunnel, and data reduction system has resulted
in better accuracy and reliability in the data. The team is still
working to improve these systems. In the next series increased
accuracy and the addition of airfoil pitching moment data may be
expected.

Volume 2 is based on the second series of wind tunnel tests at UIUC. A
third series of tests have now begun, and we expect that some time
before the end of 1996, Volume three will also be published.

"Summary ... Vol 2" is 251 pages of narrative and data much like
Michael's previous works "Summary of Low-Speed Airfoil Data - Volume
1" (1995) and "Airfoils at Low Speeds" (SoarTech #8 - 1989). This book
is similar in content and organization to Volume 1, and is similar
also to the material in "Airfoils at Low Speeds." We've set the price
at $25 in the USA - which includes postage.

All of the actual tabulated data and airfoil coordinates (but none of
the narrative or illustrations) in the book are available on-disk in
ascii text files. There is no program for use of these files included
on the disk.  These are provided for those who wish to use the data in
their own programs. By formatting the data properly, their use can
make manual re-entry of the data unnecessary. The price for the disk
data in the USA is $15 including postage.

When ordering the book from outside the USA, add $4 to the basic US
price for international surface mail. For Air Mail to the Western
Hemisphere add $6 to the basic US price. For Air Mail to Europe add
$13, and for other parts of the world add $17. For disk orders from
outside of the USA add one dollar to it's price.

A significant portion of the price received from all book and disk
sales will be returned to UIUC to provide part of the continuing
support for Michael's ongoing test program.

Summary .....Volume 1, and SoarTech 8 are both currently available
also.  The price for Volume 1 is the same as for Volume 2. SoarTech 8
has a base price in the USA of $20 and the international surcharges
are the same as for Volume 1 and 2. Data disks are also available for
Volume 1 and SoarTech 8. The SoarTech operation isn't big enough to
handle credit card orders. Please feel free to question me directly by
email, (herkstok@aol.com) or send regular mail to SoarTech
Publications, 1504 N. Horseshoe Cir., Virginia Beach VA 23451 U.S.A..

When ordering, PLEASE provide a check or money order in US Dollars
which can be paid at a US bank.  U.S.  cash is also accepted.
Residents of Virginia should add the state 4-1/2 percent sales tax to
the above rates.

Herk Stokely
May 1996


